This is version 0.50 of AcePerl, a Perl interface for the ACEDB
object-oriented database.  The code is currently in alpha stage, which
means the interface may change without warning.  Beware!

INSTALLATION:

You will need ACEDB 4.5e or higher.  If you are using a stock 4.5e
distribution you will need to apply a small patch that fixes a minor
bug on Linux systems, and adds two new targets to the makefile,
"libacecl.a" and "libace.a".  These two library files are needed to
compile AcePerl.  The patch is contained in the file acedb_4_5e.patch.

In the instructions that follow, the variable $ACEDB means the ACEDB
build directory, and $ACEPERL means the AcePerl directory (the
directory this file is located in.)

A. Build and install the ace libraries and header file:
  1. cd $ACEDB
  2. patch < $ACEPERL/acedb_4_5e.patch
  3. setenv ACEDB_MACHINE <<your machine architecture>>
  4. make libacecl.a libace.a
  5. cp bin.<<your machine architecture>>/libace*.a /usr/local/lib
  6. cp wh/aceclient.h /usr/local/include

B. Building AcePerl
  1. cd $ACEPERL
  2. perl Makefile.PL
     You will be prompted for the location of the ace library and
     header files. Enter the path to the directories in which they 
     can be found (/usr/local/lib  and /usr/local/include if you 
     followed the recipe above).
  3. make
  4. make test (optional, see below)
  5. make install

You may "make test" if you like, but it currently is hard-wired to
open an acedb database on formaggio.cshl.org.  Since this port is not
open to the Internet, you can expect all but test 1 to fail.

C. Read the copious documentation
   1. perldoc Ace

D. Install an Ace server, if you haven't already.  

Here's my configuration:

* /etc/rpc: 
... lots of existing entries...
stlace4		200001

* /etc/inetd.conf:
... lots of existing entries...
stlace4/1  stream  rpc/tcp wait acedb  /usr/local/bin/aceserver 
        aceserver /local/db/wustl 200001 1200:1200:0

The line has been wrapped to fit on the page.  All inetd.conf entries
should be on a single line.  Replace /usr/local/bin/aceserver with the 
location of your aceserver binary, and /local/db/wustl with the
location of your ACE database.  

You may need to kill the inetd daemon completely and restart it in
order to have the server come up correctly the first time.  At least I 
did.  After that it will come up whenever it is needed.  Don't worry
too much about picking the timeouts.  My version of portmapper is kind 
enough to keep the aceserver running at all times -- yours probably
will too.

You'll find some test scripts in misc_tests.  None will work
unmodified on your system because they were designed for a particular
database on my development machine.

Lincoln Stein
lstein@cshl.org

February 26, 1998
